[DJM] New installer script for EMR (#27124)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/emr.md

   #!/bin/bash

   # Set required parameter DD_SITE
   export DD_SITE={{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}

   # Set required parameter DD_API_KEY with Datadog API key.
   # The commands below assumes the API key is stored in AWS Secrets Manager, with the secret name as datadog/dd_api_key and the key as dd_api_key.
   # IMPORTANT: Modify if you choose to manage and retrieve your secret differently.
   SECRET_NAME=datadog/dd_api_key
   export DD_API_KEY=$(aws secretsmanager get-secret-value --secret-id $SECRET_NAME | jq -r .SecretString | jq -r '.["dd_api_key"]')

   # Download and run the latest init script
   curl -L https://install.datadoghq.com/scripts/install-emr.sh > djm-install-script; bash djm-install-script || true

   ```

>    The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `install-emr-0.9.1.sh` to use version `0.9.1` for example. The source code used to generate this script can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL with `install-emr-0.9.1.sh` to use version `0.9.1`, for example. The source code used to generate this script can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][12].
```
